# Week of 10/02/2023 - 10/06/2023

## Meeting Start Time
**2023/10/03/4:15** 

## Meeting End Time
**2023/10/03/5:15**

## Location/Medium
In person, room RB363

## Present
Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder
Evyn

## Things Clarified
- Solidified our tech stack for the project. This was pretty much provided to us by the client. Vue.js is our front end, and .NET (C#) is our backend. We did have a choice on what database to use. It was either Microsoft SQL Server or PostgreSQL. After some quick research, we determined that PostreSQL was the better option for us.
- Task checklist
- Discussed good times for our next couple of client meetings, and emailed client to get their availability. We want to meet with them hopefully before Friday if possible, and also do our design meeting presentation meeting over Fall Break.
- Discussed meeting times for before/during/after fall break for us to work on design items.

## Topics Discussed
- Pinpoint questions for next client meeting (further clarification). For example, our main question was related to how the client wanted to do their bulk sign up page. should it be a single large form that can sign up as many advisors as desired? Or should it be a smaller form that only takes advisor emails, and sends out a form to each indivudal advisor to complete the rest of the information, offloading that workload from the account manager.
- Figma setup. Everyone made their accounts, and got access so that we can start working on prototyping.
- UML diagram setup. Again, everyone made lucidchart accounts, and we started with a basic layout of classes.

## Tasks distributed
Becuase we are still waiting on another client meeting, we there wasn't too much to distribute. It came down to:
- Everybody should look at Moneytree's current sign up process, to familiarize ourselves with what we are updating.
- Connor Yeager took care of the Tech Stack
- Everyone should try to come up with a question to ask the client during the next meeting.


