# Week of 10/09/2023 - 10/13/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/11/3:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/11/4:30**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified

- We need to decide on a time slot for the recurring meeting with the client.
- Need to start getting our local environments setup for the project.
- We need to determine who wants to focus on what throughout the project, such as who wants to focus on front end, back end, both, etc.

## Topics Discussed

- The key thing discussed during this meeting was our presentation. This included the order of our presentation and topics, as well as who was going to speak about what during it. Once the slides were created, we determined who felt comfortable speaking about certain topics, and assigned them accordingly.
- We discussed pretty much all of our design documents, including the ones that were already completed and submitted, and the items that were still being finished up. We made sure that everyone felt that the documents covered the asks of their respective assignements.
- We also continued discussion about our client meeting and the feedback/clarity they gave us during the meeting. Sometimes this was related to the design documents, and other times it was related to the project as a whole.

## Tasks distributed

- Drew did the architecture diagram and added the prototype to the repo.
- Davis and Drew added/subtasked more first iteration features.
- Davis will finish up the domain models, submit them, and add them to the slides by the end of the day.
- Connor Yeager, Conner Um, and Evyn wrote the presentation slides for the presentation design day.
- Prepare for the presentation.
