# Week of 10/23/2023 - 10/27/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/24/3:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/24/5:00**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified

- We clarified tasks for the remainder of the week for everyone
- We clarified some things surrounding client meetings and the future for the meetings
- We clarified how branching and pull requests will work

## Topics Discussed

- The main discussion in this meeting surrounded branching and pull requests. For some in the group, these were new things that had not been done before to a great extent. The discussion involved how we want to do branching, speciifcally our feature branches, merging into a dev branch, and then merging the dev branch into a master branch at the end of an iteration
- When it came to pull requests, other than verifying how they should be created, we discussed our process of approval. We decided that we should add everybody as reviewers, and at least two reviewers should approve it. At the least, there should always be at least one other set of eyes that look at the code prior to merging into dev
- We discussed what we could potentially talk about with the client this week, and ultiamtely deicded we didn't have many new things to show in the software, and didn't have too many questions accumlated, so we decided to cancel the meeting for the week, and come back next week with plenty to ask/show

## Tasks distributed

- Drew will work on advisor form validator, and start looking into the API and communicating with Maxio
- Davis will work on the advisor dropdown, with animation, and the edit advisor functionality
- Drew will do Development.md
- Davis will do meeting minutes for the week
- Evyn will work on the validator for the billing info modal
- Conner will add the delete advisor button and functionality to it
- Connor will being unit testing the validation
