## Meeting Start Time

**2023/11/30/11:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/11/30/12:20**

## Location/Medium

Third floor of Bracken Library

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Drew

## Things Clarified

- We clarified what changes needed to be made to pull from our store in the subscription manager dashboard
- We clarified what each of us had been working on and what changes others had to make
- We clarified the architecture of our frontends to help everyone get on the same page

## Progress made
- Connor moved his subscription cards to the subscription prop data that is based off of our api call response
- Evyn worked on the subscription overview section and got most of the functionality done
- Drew helped everyone progress on the bugs and fixed bugs related to additional products on bulk sign up
- Davis added method in the subscription manager dashboard store to pull from our api
- Conner continued on focusing on the product selection bug that he has mostly fixed
