# Week of 10/16/2023 - 10/20/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/17/4:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/17/5:00**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified

- We clarified what we wanted to discuss during our weekly client meeting.
- We clarified how far we want to actually go with this iteration, and different levels of goals. Such as a minimum, and a maximum in terms of work accomplished.
- We clarified what are issues vs. subtasks on the Jira, that way we can pace our work correctly.

## Topics Discussed

- We discussed the feedback we got on our design items and tried to determine what we could have done differently.
- We looked into our tech stack items and discussed getting everyone's machines setup for the project.
- What exactly are we going to be saving in our database or do we even need one for our purposes right now?
- How are we going to use certain information we save? This was speciifcally in regards to email. It is known that we want to save the email as an actual email and will need to duplicate it as a key. However, Merit wants a username. Should we reuse the email again for that and scrape off the @, or should we provide another field in the form for username?
- We discussed front end vs. back end features for the iteration, and solidified what we want to do.

## Tasks distributed

- Drew did some work on the front end of the project.
- Drew will work on a validator for the popup modal, providing a reference for others to use
- Drew will work on error handling
- Davis will setup backend, a.k.a the asp.net web api project.
- Davis will add expandability to the advisor's component and also add edit functionality.
- Everyone should do some research on projects that use our tech stack, and different features of the tech stack itself.
- Everyone should read up on our client's confluence design and architecture documentation.
- Everyone should use the test environement we were provided by Moneytree to create products/subscriptions in the Maxio portal.
