# Week of 10/30/2023 - 11/03/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/31/3:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/31/5:00**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified

- We clarified some difficulties some members had with merging their work.
- We clarified what we would show off during our client meeting for the week, as well as some questions to ask them
- We clarified tasks for the week
- We clarified what was left for the iteration in terms of frontend and backend work

## Topics Discussed

- The discussion for this week was kind of split into three parts
- The first discussion we had was kind of just everyone finishing up little tasks relating to their work from the previous week. A couple of us had to merge our work into our dev branch, so we created PRs and had the team review them. A couple others started some work for the next week. This took about an hour
- The second discussion we had was just distributing tasks, but also splitting up our issues relating to the backend into subtasks to distribute. This pretty much was the last of the work for the iteration getting distributed out. Once these are complete our iteration should be functionally done. This took 15 minutes
- The last discussion/segment was working on updating design items for the assignment due that night. We only had to update business requirements and use cases, so we did that. We looked at the example from the team that got 100% and based our changes on that. This took about 30 minutes.

## Tasks distributed

- Drew will work on the product selection component and create a controller for Maxio
- Davis will work taking the info submitted from the form, and formatting that for Drew's controller
- Evyn will add the submit button for the form and add its functionality
- Connor will continue working on unit tests, and add more as others complete their features throughout the week.
- Conner will add the ability to edit the information entered for an advisor
- Davis will format the edit button once Conner has completed his work
