# Week of 11/27/2023 - 12/03/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/11/28/3:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/11/28/5:45**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified

- We clarified what should be discussed during this weeks client meeting
- We clarified what to focus on AFTER each of us get our assigned tasks done
- We clarified when we should start on things like the documentation updates, presentation slides, etc.
- We clarified that we should get a mentor meeting scheduled for the end of this week, and a client meeting scheduled for Monday, for the end of the iteration

## Topics Discussed

- The discussion for this week involved a lot of topics
- First, we discussed issues with Docker. We were not able to call the new GET endpoint when running the backend through Docker, but running the backend manually allowed it to be called
- We discussed distributed tasks again, and made sure each person understood what they were doing
- We discussed what we had been working on in the last couple days since our previous meeting, and were able to get a couple of PRs reviewed and merged
- We discussed styling for the front end of the subscription manager
- We discussed MFA for bitbucket, to make sure everyone would have access to the repo

## Tasks distributed

- Drew worked on creating a test solution for the backend
- Drew will work on additional product support
- Drew will continue to work on backend tests
- Davis worked on creating an api service method that calls the new GET endpoint and gets that retrieved info to the frontend
- Davis will work on creating a store to call the api service method
- Davis will work on frontend testing
- Davis will work on documentation
- Evyn will work on the subscription overview section
- Connor worked on the subscription cards on the front end
- Connor will work on taking the retrieved api information and populating those cards dynamically
- Conner worked on the product selection bug
- Conner will continue work on that bug
- Conner will work on the billing panel
