# Week of 04/01/2024 - 04/07/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/04/01/3:50**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/04/01/5:10**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified
- We clarified questions team members had with their features they were working on
- We clarified team member schedules based on if they were available for the in person client meeting
- We clarified schedules around the various presnetations coming up
- We clarified the new features we were given by the client and who will take those on

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed our poster and what information we should include, and screenshots, and also worked on it
- We discussed the new subscription group overview
- We discussed who would take on the different parts of subscription group overview
- We discussed the new feature which will display to a user if they are in a trialing period or not
- We discussed the new feature which will display metadata in the edit customer modal.
- We discussed dates and times of the different events we need to prevent at

## Tasks distributed
- Drew will work on npm packages, keyboard shortcuts, and the frontend for the subscription group overview component
- Davis will work on the backend for the subscription overview component
- Conner Um will continue work on onboarding backend
- Connor will work on adding the trialing information to the dashboard
