# Week of 03/25/2024 - 03/31/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/03/25/3:50**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/03/25/5:00**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified
- We clarified some topics brought up in the client meeting
- We spent time clarifying questions team members had on their tasks
- We clarified iteration features, including current and new
- We clarified uncertainty regarding the end of semester events for the class

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed onboarding some more, specifically in regards to what we would be doing with the information being gathered. Are we creating a new customer, or just attaching metadata?
- We discussed more changes to bulk signup, regarding the discucssion we had in the client meeting about updating bulk signup to support advisors signing up with multiple products.
- We discussed what features we could distribute to team members.
- We discussed metadata updating on the backend.
- We discussed updating the layouts of billing and customer info.
- We discussed the Symposium and CS reception.

## Tasks distributed
- Drew will work on updating the invoice chart as well as creating npm packages for the other dashboards.
- Davis will work on separating dashboard reload functions as we well as look into advisors signing up mulitple products.
- Conner Um will continue work on Onboarding's customer metadata backend.
- Connor Yeager will continue work on layouts for customer info and billing info.
- Evyn will work on dashboard styles.
