# Week of 03/18/2024 - 03/18/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/03/18/3:45**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/03/18/4:30**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified
- We clarified the plan for the iteration
- We clarified some of the client asks for the iteration
- We clarified task distribution for the iteration
- We clarified questions some members had about their new tasks/tasks from the last iteration

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed potential ways to approach the bulk signup updates
- We discussed moving our dashboards into seperate npm packages for Moneytree's use when they takeover the project
- We discussed the remainder of the iteration/project including things like where we need to the project to be by the end of the iteration, so that it is in a good spot for Moneytree
- We discussed which tasks members would like to take on
- We also discussed potential small things to add since we do not have a ton to do this iteration
- We discussed a bit about the student symposium and poster

## Tasks distributed
- Drew will on creating npm packages for the dashboards
- Drew will work on expanding on the invoice chart
- Davis will work on updating bulk signup to be step by step
- Connor will work on updating the layouts for customer informatoin and billing information
- Conner will work on updating customer metadata on the backend for onboarding
