# Week of 01/15/2024 - 01/21/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/01/19/3:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/01/19/3:35**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified
- We clarified what the plan is for the rest of the iteration
- We clarified who would take what tasks
- We clarified timelines for finishing certain features for each member
- We clarified our recurring meeting time for this semester

## Topics Discussed
- We discussed the team's schedules for the semester
- We discussed and verified a meeting time for this semester, on Friday afternoons
- We discussed a bit about the mentor meeting we had prior in the day, as our mentor was still messaging us things about it
- We discussed billing stuff for the subscription dashboard, as well still need to plan that out
- We discussed the multi dashboard setup and worked how we would distribute tasks for the individual dashboards
- We discussed potential reworking of the backend due to the new monorepo setup

## Tasks distributed
- Drew will work on the getting the monorepo compeltely ready for other members to take tasks broken off of the multidashboards
- Davis will work on the invoice page and api endpoints for it
- Evyn will take one of the product dashboards and use our component library to recreate the dashboard for that product, and also style it accordingly
- Conner will also take one of the product dashboards and use our component library to recreate the dashboard for that product, and also style it accordingly
- Connor will start looking at testing, and help with test suites for each dashboard
