# Week of 02/26/2024 - 03/03/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/02/26/4:15**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/02/26/5:30**

## Location/Medium

In person, room RB363

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Drew, Connor, Conner

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Things Clarified
- We clarified some things related to onboarding brought up in the client meeting
- We clarified more questions that members had about the backend
- We clarified where we should cut off functionality for the iteration
- We clariifed timelines for the remainder of the iteration, leading up to spring break

## Topics Discussed
- The main discussion for this iteration included a couple of things, the onboarding project updates we got from the client, and just bug fixing.
- We had this meeting right after a client meeting where we got a bunch of new details about the onboarding project. We discussed the document that was sent.
- We also started to plan around the onboarding project, but were having issues doing so as the client request was seeming to have some problems.
- We were being asked to create something for their app, which would require us to have access to their codebase to give direct functionality, it is very hard to create standalone.
- Our discussion was around a solution to creating something they could still end up using and plugin into their app when we hand it off, if we don't have access to their code.
- We discussed payment editing stuff some more, as that has become more complicated.
- We worked on/discussed team member's bugs/blockers.

## Tasks distributed
- Drew will continue work on the information gathering part of onboarding.
- Davis will continue working on payment editing, finding a good solution for that.
- Connor will continue to work on customer information backend response.
- Evyn will work on getting other dashboards up to date with Plan.
- Conner will work on creating the edit customer information component.
