# Client Meeting on 11/29/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/11/29/3:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/11/29/3:19**

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Drew, Connor, Evan, Nathan, Patrick

## Minute Recorder

Davis, Evyn

## Topics Discussed

- Since this meeting was centered around our first iteration of work, the first portion of this meeting focused on walking the client through the software and discussing various questions the client had about the software.
- We discussed what is being sent to Maxio through the form. This was specifically related to questinos we had about certian fields. Maxio's docs ask for things that Moneytree may not need, or Moneytree needs things that Maxio does not.
- We discussed billing info fields being passed through the api, specifically related to some of our backend validation.
- We discussed our second iteration features and documentation a bit, mostly focusing on second iteration features. This involved our plans, and also involved our client's plans for the next iteration, such as what they would like to see, and how they would like to see it.
- We discussed potential future adjustments to the project.
- The client was impressed with our first iteration and definitely thought it was functional. They said they were questioning if we would be able to get it working in time, but were "encouraged" by our project.

## Things Clarified

- We clarified that we need to be copying the advisor email over as a license key to send to Maxio. It is not "necessary" for Maxio, but Moenytree needs it as it is a custom field for them.
- We can continue using test handles for now when calling the api
- We clarified that we do not need to include billing country as a field in the billing info form
- We want to work on the subscription manager interface for the second iteration, Nathan was able to clarify what we should focusing on showing for now. He created a diagram which explained what fields and how they roughly are laid out/interact
- We clarified that we potentially could start focusing our front to match Moneytree's New Gen, since they were impressed with our design
