# Client Meeting on 10/09/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/09/4:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/09/4:25**

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Drew, Evan, Nathan, Patrick

## Minute Recorder

Evyn, Davis

## Topics Discussed

- The key things discussed, as the subject/title of the meeting may imply, were the design documents, including business requirements, use cases, requirements, domain model, tech stack, prototype, and first iteration features. There was primarily a focus, in terms of feedback, on the parts of our design relating to the bulk sign-up form as that is the first feature being created in the project.
- First up, we went through business requirements, sort of in combination with our prototypes on figma. Combining these two helped us describe our overall understanding and perspective on the project.
- We followed by showing the use cases and requirements, as they more or less reflected the business requirements.
- Next, we went over the domain model, and related that to the Figma prototypes, show our deeper understanding of the project, and a little more inishgt into our backend functionality.
- Finally, we verified our tech stack and the features we would like to implement in the first iteration.

## Client Feedback

Feedback for each of the design items presented:

- **Business requirements:** The client gave a complete okay to these, stating that they showed we had a good grasp on the goal of the project.
- **Prototype:** The client was very impressed by our prototypes overall, and gave some very valuable feedback. Our current prototype at the time was going to be made around supporting an infinite number of advisors being added to the bulk signup form, but the client clarified that the form should handle at most 20 advisors in the form, as anything larger would be provided via a .csv file. They stated that they knew there would have to be some design sacrifice made if a large number were able to be added. They said they would like their be the ability to upload a .csv for this reason, at SOME point in the future, but not an immediate ask. Another bit of feedback we got was to include disclaimers where any payment information was taken, which states that the information is not saved, specifically in Moneytree. Another very important piece of feedback we received was that an advisors should be able to each have a product assigned to them, up to the max of three, as there are only three products. This was different from our prototype as it currently was assigning a single product to all advisors in the bulk sign up. A couple other small pieces of feedback were including a hyperlink to Moneytree support and masking all numbers besides the last four on a credit card number.
- **Domain Model:** The client was impressed and stated that we had more than they thought we would have at this point in the UML diagram. Overall, there was really only one notable piece of feedback unique to this design item, and that was to make sure that on form submission, make sure the subscription is actually created on their side as well. The UML diagram only had a handler for Hubspot and Maxio, and not for Moneytree itself. This Moneytree handler will branch off of the Maxio handler entity. Other than that, the piece of feedback stated previously in prototype in regards to an advisor being able to have multiple products also was brought up here again, so the UML diagram will updated to reflect that.
- **Use cases:** Feedback here was just that they looked good overall and seemed to line up with what they were thinking.
- **Requirements:** The client stated that these looked great and lined up well with the prototype and business reqiurements. We read through them and let them bring up any inconsistencies with their idea of the flow of the page, and since we had already showed them the prototype and gotten feedback on that, they didn't have much more to say about it. The only notable feedback was that our section in requirements.md relating to Account Management and users being able to update payment information may not necessarily be in the scope of this project, but is definitely a welcome addition if we get to it.
- **First Iteration Features:** We went over the tickets created in our clients Jira and explained that this was our goal for the first iteration, and if possible we would like to add a couple more relating to connecting the third party softwares. The feedback we received was that it seemed like it would be a great start, and not to go overboard with the first iteration planning, as getting the project setup could be a somewhat time consuming process.

## Things Clarified

- As pretty much already covered above, we got a lot of clarification in regards to our prototype mainly. Having that protoype really helped the client visualize what we were thinking, and allowed them to give a ton of clarity to the project regarding what they could see at the time.
- One big clarification that we had a pretty wrong idea of was that this bulk sign-up was not going to cover adding an infinite number of advisors, it will only be a max of 20. This will change our end design for this area pretty significantly as we can limit the design based on that max number, and not have to create an infinitely expandable list.
- After presenting our design items, we also clarified how we would like to meet with the client from this point onwards. They explained they had done a recurring weekly meeting in the past, and we decided that would be a good idea to do. They are going to send available time slots for us to choose from.
