# Client Meeting on 11/01/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/11/01/3:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/11/01/3:18**

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Drew, Connor, Evan, Nathan, Matt, Patrick

## Minute Recorder

Davis, Evyn

## Topics Discussed

- We started the meeting by discussing our software, mainly showing off our updates from the last couple of weeks. First we showed our validator for the input fields in the advisor modal. Then, we showed off the product selection component in the add advisor modal and the different logic for showing certain products based on what is selected. Finally, we showed the dropdown which displays the information of each entered advisor.
- We then shortly discussed getting an api key for Maxio's test environment, so that we can start to work on getting our submitted form to create new subscriptions.
- Somewhat building off of that, we also discussed what our client's idea of functionality was for this first iteration, and it seemed to line up pretty well with what we had in mind. As long as our form creates those subscriptions in Maxio, that would be functional, and actually wrap up phase 1.
- We then briefly discussed the future of our project. This included a short chat about phase 2, which is going to include the in-app subscription manager. The client then spoke about another added on feature somewhere in the next phases of the project. This feature would be a questionnaire that is given to the user to gather some personal info. Basically like one of those questionnaires you get asked when creating an account on something like Figma.

## Things Clarified

- The client is currently creating a spreadsheet which includes the fields wel will need need for their backend. They would like fields for each of their apps, like Moneytree, Cheetah, etc., as well as fields for what exists in Maxio.
- Phase 2 will mainly be the subscription manager, but may also include the questionnaire mentioned prior.
- Hooking up to Hubspot could be a more involved/tough job.
