# Client Meeting on 10/05/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/05/10:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/05/1:25**

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Evyn, Davis, Connor, Conner, Drew

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed

-Bulk sign up process. This took up a large part of the meeting, as it is the main feature we are starting to work on and will most likely take up our first couple of iterations. We discussed the sign up process and what our clients vision is for it. We also brought up our potential solutions we had thought of, and they relayed which solution they preffered.<br>
-Maxio and Hubspot. The client explained what these platforms are exactly and how they use them. Maxio is going to end up being our reference when creating their new subscription manager.<br>
-What an account manager is and what an advisor is. This was specifically related to what information is necessary to sign up advisors.<br>
-Payment methods/system. The client the common payment process for the majority of clients.


## Things Clarified
-The plan for the next week. This involved scheduling the design presentation meeting, as well as the client getting us into their testing environment.<br>
-Hubspot, and what it is exactly. It basically is the way that the Moneytree sales department can see whenever a new sale is created, or a new user signs up for a trial. We must take this into account when creating the bulk sign up. <br>
-Project managment method. This will be done via Jira, and hopefully should be setup by our design presentation.
