# Client Meeting on 03/11/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/03/11/3:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/03/11/4:00**

## Location/Medium

Accutech Offices, Create Conference Room

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Drew, Evan, Matt, Patrick

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed
- This meeting involved our iteration 4 progressions, and a discussion on the next iteration as well
- We first showed off our iteration 4 progressions on the Subscription Manager Dashboard.
- This was done in person, so Matt was actually able to demo the software and use it as wel explained.
- He noticed all the info on the dashboard, and first went to the new customer information component. He immediately attempted to edit the information, and was able to do so.
- He then noticed the new invoice chart, which shows subtotal amounts for invoices over time
- Next, he went to the billing component. He was able to update the card number and cvv as they recently asked for.
- Finally, he viewed the invoice history table and was able to use the popups and public url links.
- He then briefly used the onboarding project.
- Finally, he used bulk signup, and ultimately was able to create an advisor and submit, but gave us some great feedback on it.
- We also discussed features for the next iteration throughout the meeting. They kind of just came up as a result of testing

## Things Clarified
- We were able to clarify many things in this meeting.
- Matt clarified that address fields are acting as expected, since they are separated.
- Matt clarified that Merit Username should not be editable, which is how we have it currently, so it is good.
- Matt and Patrick both clarified that it is looking great.
- Matt clarified some thoughts about the flow of Bulk Signup.
- Matt clarified that the asks they had for the onboarding project will change significantly.

## Feedback
- Our subscription manager dashboard looks great.
- We can experiment with the invoice chart and making it more detailed for each product.
- Incorporate different colors to distinguish products on the chart.
- Bulk signup can be altered to be more intuitive, by giving an order to things.
- It wasn't completely intuitive to add an advisor first.

## Client Use of the Project
- How did the client use the software?
  - The client used the software on Drew's laptop in person at Accutech offices. Matt is the one who tested it.
- What features did they test in your software?
  - The client tested all old features and new features. Even unfinished onboarding features.
- How long did they use your software?
  - Matt used the software for about 15-20 minutes. Our discussion overlapped his usage.
- How was their reaction to the software?
  - Matt overall thought the dashboard was super clear to use. And he did not question what to do on Bulk Signup.
- Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
  - Something unusual was that Matt attempted to add expiration month and year into the same field. The fields are labeled      clearly, but its something to keep in mind.
- Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
  - An issue of usability, Matt said it was not completely intuitive add an advisor first. He jumped to billing form fields     immediately.
  - It did not stop his usage of the software, but he proposed the idea of somehow only showing billing once an advisor is      added.
