# Client Meeting on 04/11/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/04/11/4:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/04/11/5:00**

## Location/Medium

Accutech Offices

## Present

Davis, Drew, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Nathan, Evan, Matt, Patrick

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed
- This meeting involved the updates we had made to the project during iteration 5, as well as a sort of wrap up discussion about the project and year as a whole
- We started with discussions of iteration 5. Nathan was able to use the software this time, and he started on the dashboard
- We showed off some of the bug fixes and QOL changes we made on the dashboard
- We showed off the addition of subscription group overview tab
- We then discussed the future of the dashboard after we hand it off, as it is going into production eventually
- We then showed off/Nathan used bulk signup.
- We were able to show off the the new step system for bulk signup, and validation requirements for submission
- We then moved on to onboarding, and while not much had changed on the visual side, we were able to get some things clarified
- We discussed some changes for onboarding which cannot be done the remaining time of the iteration, but it was still nice to talk about more of their plans for our project

## Things Clarified
- We were able to clarify a few things in this meeting, but as it was the last meeting, it was not many things we could adjust prior to the end of the iteration
- Nathan clarified what the future of the projects we worked on would be, such as their planned adjustments
- Nathan clarified that the billing modal textboxes should populate with actual placeholder values of the previous card, where applicable
- Nathan clarified that onboarding should create a new customer with the account creation values, and then add custom fields to the customer with the remaining values
- Nathan clarified that ultimately onboarding is a good start, and definitely will be useful in giving them a start
- Nathan said that anything we can get done prior to the iteration end would be just a great bonus, but by no means is anything being asked of us by then

## Feedback
- The invoice chart showing the single dot for trialing is small but great feature
- The subscription group overivew tab will be great for the future of the dashboard, as they are reworking their product subscriptions, and groups will become more relevant
- Nathan said he is thrilled with what we have developed throughout the year
- Nathan believes advisors/users will love the dashboard 
- Matt said our group was one of, if not the best group Moneytree has worked with in the capstone program

## Client Use of the Project
- How did the client use the software?
  - The client used the software on Drew's laptop in person at Accutech offices. Nathan was able to test it this time.
- What features did they test in your software?
  - The client tested all old features and new features. Since Matt tested last time, Nathan tested everything since he had never used it.
- How long did they use your software?
  - Nathan used our software for about 5-7 minutes total. This includes all 3 projects.
- How was their reaction to the software?
  - Nathan overall was extremely happy with the software. He was very gracious of our work and said he is "thrilled" to give it to users.
- Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
  - Something we definitely recognized was how easy and straightforward the software was for Nathan to use. He was able to do everything he wanted to do, and any questions he had were easily answered.
- Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
  - One usability issue noticed was when Nathan attempted to edit the credit card information in the modal, the placeholder text is not actual text, it is just a background label. This caused Nathan to submit the form without filling all information in, so he had to go back and add the information after getting the validation error.
