# Mentor Meeting on 11/10/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/11/10/3:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/11/10/3:50**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Drew, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed

- The meeting contained discussion mainly around our code, and also showing our documentation
- First off, as for documentation we just kind of ran through it quickly to make sure nothing stood out horribly bad.
- We showed off two parts of our code, pieces that Evan hadn't seen yet. He is in our client meetings so he gets frequent updates on our code. We showed and discussed our edit funcionatlity, and discussed some bugs we were running into with that.
- We showed off our backend, mainly our endpoint, and discussed a couple of issues we were having with that as well.
- Building off of that discussion, the conversation turned to discussing our back end, and what we actually need it to do, and when/if we would need to implement a database.
- Finally, we just showed off our software features thus far.

## Things Clarified

- Evan said our documentation looked good, but caught that our backend section was pretty out of date as it only described how to run it using the test api provided by the .net project creation
- We told Evan a couple of potential solutions we had for the edit functionality, and he clarified that they could potentially work and provided some advice, since he has good experience with Vue. This took up the majority of the discussion in the meeting.
- We clarified that our issues with the backend can be pushed off since they are minor and do not ultimately effect functionality
- Other than that, we just need to finish up what we have and prepare for the client showcase
