# Mentor Meeting on 10/27/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/27/3:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/27/3:20**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Drew, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed

- The meeting started with us just showing off the documentation we have now, which was just development.md.
- Another topic we discussed, which took a pretty large chunk of the meeting, was discussing functionality and what functionality looks like for this first iteration.
- Building off of that discussion, the conversation turned to discussing our back end, and what we actually need it to do, and when/if we would need to implement a database.
- Finally, we just showed off our software features thus far.

## Things Clarified

- Evan said that our documentation looks good and shows clearly how to start up the project.
- Through discussion, we clarified that we probably do not need a datbase at this point in the project, and that our backend should just communicate with Third partys like Maxio.
- Evan clarified that there is a static API key we will need to get to begin communication on the backend.
- Evan also stated that our functionality probably just needed to be a reflection that the form actually does something, not necessarily a backend reflection of the data. However, we ended up coming to the conclusion that the backend having functionaltiy falls under the whole idea of functionality for the iteration.
- We also clarified a couple things relating to our tech stack.
