# Mentor Meeting on 12/01/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/12/01/3:30**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/12/01/3:55**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Drew, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed

- We discussed a few of the updates we had made since the last meeting we had, and also asked some questions about the client. We also got feedback on our documentation
- Evan said our updated documenation including our Docker section looked good
- We then discussed the last client meeting, and discussed what we should be using to pull subscription information, this discussion probably lasted 15+ minutes, a majority of the meeting
- We also discussed potentially making a simple login to get customer ID
- We discussed different rules we want on our Jira, and how we will setup automated tests
- We showed off and discussed our new functionality of supproting additional components being attached to subscriptions in bulk signup
- We briefly discussed what else we were working on for the subscription manager dashboard

## Things Clarified

- Evan said we should probably add a section for running tests in our documentation
- Evan was in the client meeting, so he clarified for us that Nathan was probably confused when saying we should use license key to pull subscriptions
- Evan clarified that currently in the app, they use customer ID, so it is not an issue for us to use that rather than license key
- Evan clarified that they currently use an SSO for logins and we probably wouldn't be able to use that, but realized we could probably do something simple like we were planning
- Evan clarified that he will ask about giving us permissions to edit Jira settings
- Evan has admin on our Jira, so he went ahead and update some settings for us
- Evan said that the additional product support was great
