# Mentor Meeting on 10/09/2023

## Meeting Start Time

**2023/10/09/12:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2023/10/09/12:20**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Drew, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed

- The main topic for this meeting, as implied by the assignment title, was our design docments for the design meeting with the client. We went through each item we had, completed or semi-completed, and got feedback.
- We discussed each item at a time, and explained our thoughts behind them and why we did what we did.
- We also discussed versions of .Net we could potentially use for the project.
- Other than design items, not many other topics were discussed.

## Things Clarified

- Evan said that our business requirements, requirements, and use cases all looked good. They lined up together and made sense for the project as far as he knew.
- Evan said that our prototype was good, and clarified our questions about utilizing drop downs vs popup modals. He said that a popup may make more sense when adding an advisor, with an edit button to reopen the modal when desired. His reasoning was that it would lead to a cleaner page, and that they already do something similar in another area of the app.
- Evan said that the UML diagram was more than okay and we had plenty for this point in the project. He stated that we could make adjustments as we clarify features in future iterations.
- In regards to the tech stack, Evan asked what version of .Net we were planning on using, and explained that they eventually want to, and are already working on, migrating to .Net 8 once it releases. He said that if we wanted to use .Net 6 or 7 and eventually switch to .Net 8 once it releases, it would be a good way of future proofing the project.
