# Mentor Meeting on 03/29/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/03/29/1:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/03/29/1:27**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Drew, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed
- This was the mid iteration meeting
- We discused what had been done so far/what was being worked on
- We first showed off the updated reload function that is called on edits made in the dashboard
- We then showed off changes to the invoice chart
- We also explained that the onboarding backend was being worked on as well
- We discussed about a bug fix a little bit, related to a popup modal
- We discussed potential additional features for the iteration
- We discussed the possibility for a new tab
- We also disccused the various possiblities for updates to the invoice chart

## Things Clarified
- Evan said our chart updates look good
- Evan said our proposals for invoice charts updates were good thoughts, and would clarify on it once asking Nathan
- Evan said clarified that multiple products being attached to a customer in bulk signup is not necessary, especially since it seemed like Nathan did not want it. So we will not continue with that
- Evan clarified that focusing on bug fixes was a good idea since the product is pretty much complete
- Evan said that keyboard shortcuts would be a good addition for the modals
- Evan said that formatting some chart numbers to be prettier would be a goood update to make
- Evan clariifed that he would ask around and get back to us with one more notable feature for the iteration
