# Mentor Meeting on 03/11/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/03/11/1:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/03/11/1:30**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Drew, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed
- This was the second meeting of the 4th iteration
- The topics discussed in this meeting were: Subscription Manager Dashboard iteration 4 features, Onboarding iteration 4 features, and how the dasboard will be integrated into the client's applications.
- We first walked through the dashboard. We showed all features/functionality of the dashboard. This included old features, which could have been updated slightly, and new features for the dashboard.
- We showed off the features in order, going over the subscription overview, customer info and editing, invoice chart, billing info and editing, and the invoice table.
- We spent more time specifically on on editing information, since that was a key functionality of the iteration.
- We also spent time showing spinners to clarifiy loading times for the user.
- We then showed off what we have so far for the onboarding project. This included the form questions, and validation for them.
- We then discussed how the dashborad would be integrated into the client's product.

## Things Clarified
- Evan said our dashboard looks great with all the changes since he last saw it.
- Evan said the invoice chart was a cool addition.
- Evan said our editing modals looked good and were nicely done because they are consistent with each other, including the edit buttons on their relative parent component.
- Evan said our onboarding was looking good for now, for what we know about it. He also said the domNode selectors were a good idea and potentially could be used.
- After discussing other directions for onboarding, Evan said our idea to use videos instead was a good idea.
- After discussion around the dashboard integration, including things like query params for customerId and separate domains for the project, Evan said there is no clear cut way it will be done as of now.
- Overall, Evan said the dashboard is looking great.
