# Mentor Meeting on 04/10/2024

## Meeting Start Time

**2024/04/10/1:00**

## Meeting End Time

**2024/04/10/1:20**

## Location/Medium

Zoom

## Present

Davis, Evyn, Conner, Connor, Drew, Evan

## Minute Recorder

Davis

## Topics Discussed
- This was the second meeting of the 5th iteration
- The topics discussed in this meeting included: The overall state of the Dashboard, the various features for each project, and the future of the iteration/finalization of the project.
- We first walked through the dashboard. It was very repetitive from the last iteration, since there was only large new feature there, others were some QOL changes and bug fixes.
- The important feature was Subscription Group Overview, which is a brand new tab which displays a customer's subscription group and its relevant members + metadata.
- We then went through various the various bug fixes that are done, and the QOL adjustments like keyboard shortcuts.
- We then discussed onboarding backend adjustments
- After all that, we just kind of talked about wrapping up the iteration and testing

## Things Clarified
- Evan said the Subscription Group Overview looks awesome and thinks Nathan will really like it our front end changes for it
- Evan said that we have done a great job on the project this year
- Most of our features this iteration were just extra additions not initially planned by the client, so Evan said it is not a big deal if we leave a couple of the recommendations out, since they were last minute anways.
- Evan

- Evan said our dashboard looks great with all the changes since he last saw it.
- Evan said the invoice chart was a cool addition.
- Evan said our editing modals looked good and were nicely done because they are consistent with each other, including the edit buttons on their relative parent component.
- Evan said our onboarding was looking good for now, for what we know about it. He also said the domNode selectors were a good idea and potentially could be used.
- After discussing other directions for onboarding, Evan said our idea to use videos instead was a good idea.
- After discussion around the dashboard integration, including things like query params for customerId and separate domains for the project, Evan said there is no clear cut way it will be done as of now.
- Overall, Evan said the dashboard is looking great.
